OK.
Welcome back anyway.
So we've done some smaller changes here.
But for the time being I'm assuming that we collectively have no idea what the system got config dodgiest
file actually is.
So let's talk about it a little bit.
System genius is a dynamic module loader.
The QuickStart uses system just to load libraries as angular and our modules it is using the old sort
of floating which means that it will load modules only and only when they are actually needed.
Which is actually a rather efficient behavior in terms of Freestore in terms of resource consumption.
Anyway the file is used for configuring the system.
J.S. in map.
So right here inside of map we tell system areas where to look for modules for example all at angular
modules will be searched in node underlying modules at angular.
Our source code is inside the app folder therefore our whole application is in is in the app module.
However the typescript compiler will compile files to the DMP folder which we have created.
We just go ahead and do this.
There you go.
So you have the DMP folder here which we have actually created so System Dreyer's needs to look for
the app module inside of DNP slash app.
Simple as that.
Also our main file for the module app is in main dot G-S.
So if we just go down a little bit as you can see it says app and then says main main geas the full
extension.
J.S..
So our main file for the module app is in fact main dodginess which means that if we load the app Bargewell
app slash main dodginess will be loaded as well.
It is it isn't it.
It is an entry point.
If any of you are familiar with C or C++ or Java or similar or similar programming languages to those
you will know that you have a main function and then you call the main first and then everything else
gets called pretty much from the main.
So it's that principle of function it functions under such principles or take that with grain of salt.
It's similar to those principles.
Let's put it that way.
Anyway the next file that we're going to go ahead and take a look is Taiping start Jason as well.
So actually it's a folder.
No sorry.
They do.
God out there we go it's right down below.
Don't look at the don't look at the folder for the time being.
We'll get to that eventually.
Anyway this is a pretty short explanation.
This is using typings we can install typescript definitions for javascript packages some packages like
E S 6 dash shim are not originally developed in typescript but in Javascript.
So using Taiping we can install typescript definitions for them.
You can think about them as wrappers.
So there there needs to be something that wraps it and that basically translates it.
Or you can think of it as an adapter the official the official terminology is actually that this is
a wrapper but you can think of it as some sort of a translation when you write something in Javascript
can you translate it to typescript so to say again take it with a grain of salt.
Ok going to bid you farewell here and we're going to go ahead and continue along with these files to
see what each one of them does.
The ones that we're going to use anyway.